EE guides: add run_community_ee_image.rst (#222)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/getting_started_ee/setup_environment.rst

  ansible-navigator --version
  ansible-builder --version

Ready to build an EE in a few easy steps?

> Proceed to the :ref:`Building your first EE guide<building_execution_environments>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed to the :ref:`Building your first EE <building_execution_environments>`.
```

> Do you want to run a playbook without building a custom EE?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Want to try an EE without having to build one?
```

> Proceed to the :ref:`Running community EE guide<run_community_ee_image>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed to the :ref:`Running the community EE <run_community_ee_image>`.
```
